Paperpub todo (#76)
cersonsky-lab/website: internal/paperpub-todo.md

---
layout: default
---

### Congratulations on publishing your paper! Please follow these steps to promote your work.

> 1. Create a post on LinkedIn that includes an accesible visualization and description of your work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Draft a post on LinkedIn that includes an accesible visualization and description of your work. Share this with Rosy and all co-authors to chat about before posting.
```

> 2. Contact the CBE communications department (Claire Massey) about your work. She may update the CBE Deprtment website with your work!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Contact the CBE communications specialist [Claire Massey](https://directory.engr.wisc.edu/che/Staff/Massey_Claire/) about your work. She may update the CBE Department website with your work!
```

> 3. Update the [Publications](/publications/) section of the group website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Add the publication to [zotero](https://www.zotero.org/groups/5070826/cersonsky-lab-papers) and run the [publications page workflow](https://github.com/cersonsky-lab/website/actions/workflows/publications.yml).
```

> 4. Update each member's page with the publication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Update each member's page with a link to the publication.
```
